I am going to attempt to open the
security case that the retail store
forgot to remove for me after I
purchased this blu-ray DVD and it's a
security case that has metal tab up here
this little two little metal tabs in the
center here one here and one over here
that locks the case so what I did
already is use this little instrument to
pry out this inter area right here I'm
going to dry out the plastic area just
pry it pry it until it bins out like
that where you can access the metal tabs
right there right inside so after that
what you want to do is just take this
instrument and pry the first metal tab
until it bends up inside
okay once it's been it will be damaged
so it won't catch the security case
anymore
so the second metal tab is right here
what I'm going to do is just insert this
pin screwdriver to access the second tab
what you'll do is you'll notice that
when I insert it it will pop up the
second tab hard to see there's no focus
there and then I can just push this and
unlock the case and voila easily open
and you can see the profile there and
the metal tabs are in the middle